# hello-world
just a repository
Hi humans!
I am fascinated by programming and software developing, as, for me, it is a wonderland portrayed in Harry Potter. People would consider coding black-white command lines a dull routine, but it is not the essence of human machine interaction. Programming and coding are my magic sticks, and programming languages my incantation, through which I can build modules and establish various packages. In both objective and virtual reality, target-oriented programming strategy renders me as a magician, setting up multiple roles on the stage, Professor Dumbledore, Hermione and Lord Voldemort, etc. My duty is to invigorate these magic characters just as J.K. Rowling did. 

Both my parents work in pharmaceutical industry. Under their influence, my blueprint of prospective study is slightly different from regular IT majors, as I conducted an interdisciplinary study, integrating programming skills with pharmaceutics. Computer-aided drug design, drug virtual screen, bioinformatics demands a strong background with computing or computer science as well as a preliminary understanding of pharmaceutics. I consider myself as a very unique candidate in this regard, since I am competent to transfer real problems in pharmaceutical industry into coding puzzles and formulating solutions accordingly. 

Besides, I would like to mention my rich experience during work placement. I was involved in several projects, most of which were project centered for consumer-oriented website and database development. To assist Nanjing Drum Tower Hospital in big data storage and informatization of medical care, we developed medical database and corresponding system with Smart HERP, substantially improving the service and cost-benefit analysis. The functional modules are mainly classified as administrative of pharmacy, outpatient department, order management, online payment, booking and patient information storage. I am in charge of MySQL implementation and Vue.JS webpage refinement, and this is the first time I have been involved in stable, convenient and efficient medical database management development platform. Additionally, I applied Axure for web design and accomplished framework via SSH in prescription and pharmaceutical procurement sections. Other than customized services, I worked in java, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery for designing electronic newspaper and presentation systems in an artistic way. We scratched information via API socket of various news website, updating latest news on our smart screen with various features. And this presentation system can be applied in corporation or university campus vertical display with high resolution. I was responsible for news collection and categorization. Editing JPG, PDF or HTML and preprocessing words and images for final usage in presentation, I created the effects and slides with HTML5, CSS3, JS and jQuery. 

After graduation I worked as system and software developer. The most memorable project was China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation (CRRC) management system. We implemented the digitization of resources and connection, which improved the performance and reduced the cost. Powerful management platform makes each step and interaction strictly accurate. The front-end elaborate website improves the user experience. In this project, I was developing back end platform for proposal applications, reviews, staff, division and position management, bonus evaluation and front-end platform. The main languages applied here are java, AngularJS, jQuery and SSM framework( SpringMVC and MyBatis). 

Logical and upright, I am Hermione in reality - the most academically distinguished girl in my class, just as Hermione in Hogwarts. During learning sessions, I know answer to each and every question popped by the professor. I remember the content of each and every book I have read. More importantly, I am willing to share my knowledge with others. Because of this, I accepted the offer to serve as a lecturer in Neusoft at the conclusion of the two-year project experience. The role cahnge impelled me to further consolidate my programming skills, as it demands more responsibility to impart knowledge than mere code writing. Indeed, throughout my teaching practice, I summarized my knowledge, expertise, practical techniques and hands-on experience gained from real work, converting them into a multifaceted, but well-structured, conceptual framework. In addition, I learned from experienced educators in terms of engaging audience and motivating learners. With experience accumulated, I was invited to give lectures in Software Valley in Nanjing University, Ocean University of China, Debon Express, coaching trainees on Java, Oracle, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, etc. Currently I am also serving as a tutor in Nanjing University, instructing students from faculty of software engineering on graduation thesis. 

In my spare time, I love expressing myself by playing piano, doing sports and painting. All of these can keep my inner peace and touched my soul. I define myself as an extrovert, persistent and efficient in working and living. I know the right way to face the challenges and pressures in modern society and life. As I mentioned, I hope to keep track of Harry Potter, having a good journey in shooting sceneries to explore Hogwarts, this magic world. All of these are regarded as the treasure of my life. Your university is of high reputation, and many well-known scientists, managers were educated in your institute. You are equipped with excellent working staffs and comprehensive curriculum design, which covers everything I want. I am physically and mentally prepared to join you and I am sure that my academic merit, experience in work and volunteering makes me worthy of your consideration.
